Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
Can't complain at all!
So far (3 weeks), we've had no problems with the Diaper Champ at all.
It contains the smell from our baby's diapers and we can use just about any kind of bag inside.
I also sprinkled baking soda in the bottom of the Diaper Champ to help absorb odors - every once in awhile I just empty the old baking soda out and replace it.
odors,refills
I don't know if we'll run into trouble down the road with odors, but so far I have no complaints and I'm very happy not to have to buy those refills.
We started with the Diaper Genie as most new parents do.
We hated that thing!
The "new" design still needs lots of improvement!
The bags never fit right and then it never spun right.
And after about two months it just sat there in the corner of her room and was never used.
As she entered into toddlerhood we started having some bad diapers just becasue of her cutting teeth and diet changes.
We decided we had to have something so we started researching.
Diaper Champ
The Diaper Champ is the best we found!
bags
There are no specail bags to deal with or buy!
bag
We use the cheap $1.99 13 gallon vanilla scented bags from the grocery store but you can use any bag you have laying around.
There is also no trick to it.
No spinning it or anyhting!
Just flip the handle and the diaper is gone!
smelling
Now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will!
diaper
We empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it!
product
It is far better than just a trash can or the Diaper Genie and it's fairly inexpensive as baby products go!
In concept, it's a fabulous idea.
refills
I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
I just go to the store and purchase tall kitchen bags and use those for the Diaper Champ.
The cons, at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth.
In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
My daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor.
I'm concerned that as she gets older the #2 diapers will only get worse.
If I had to do it over again, even with the cost savings of using any type of bag, I would go w/ the Diaper Genie.
It's far better than all others on the market.
it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
There is no odor and extremely easy to use.
Having one of these helps from needing to take out the trash daily for the guys!
My daughter is now 2 and 1/2, and I am still enjoying this product.
We purchased it based on the reviews, and it really lived up to our expectations.
We liked it because:garbage bags
1. It uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills.
2. You can dump regular trash into it and not feel as though you've wasted plastic.
3. It never smelled - at all.
Here's the catch for us- our daughter never drank formula, which is what gives baby waste a foul smell, and when she was eating solids we followed the American Pediatric Association recommendation to flush solid products instead of disposing of them.
